yo what's up you guys this is God's Son
I got some more update info for you on
this new clash of clans meet up going to
happen now it seems like what they're
going to do is they're having us go on a
ferry well first first we're going to be
flying out there and if you're traveling
by car that's another way you get there
but we're going to be beating up on a
boat of ferry and that's going to take
us across the water to the log cabin now
so that I read that they say there's
gonna be like some log cabin out in the
woods somewhere I'm like wait a minute a
log cabin this that's where the animals
are they ain't trying to be caught up in
a win nature strikes yeah okay but they
have it so that the lineup is I think
they're starting us off first dahi me
Pat from play clash of clans and myself
we're going to be doing a demonstration
of some sort I think we're doing base
reviews or maybe just we're just going
to fool around with the game and then
after that they're going to release the
new patch the new update content and I'm
thinking it must be really big for them
to want to do a meetup so they some
people speculated it's going to be clan
wars I'm thinking it might be like a
whole new redesign of the game maybe we
might be able to travel you know through
the maps and fight people that way but
i'm thinking is going to be something
really big something great and i will be
sore to get all the footage i'll record
every bit of it if i can if if you know
what damn i don't know if i can but i
will be getting the update the update
content i'm going to record the trees
the water the grass my travels
everything so this is happening on the
twenty-fifth start SATA what is it five
o'clock and ends at nine they got food
and drinks so i hope to see you guys
there if you're going but if not i'll be
sorted
get as much content as I can and show
you guys when I get back so thank you
guys for watching and I'll see you there